Adds CNV PCA methods (#217)
malariagen/ag1000g-phase2-data-paper: main.tex

\subsection*{3 Population structure}

%

> Population structure analyses, AIM, F\raisebox{-.4ex}{\scriptsize ST} and nucleotide variation PCA were conducted following methods defined in \cite{Ag1000gConsortium2017}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Population structure analyses, AIM, $F_{ST}$ and nucleotide variation PCA were conducted following methods defined in \cite{Ag1000G2017}.
```
